OK now let's convert the remaining part of the share functionality and before doing that let's just
boost like refactoring your far the previous feature which is marking as kid friendly.
So we have some logic here.
So let's actually do some changes here so that we move some of the logic into into controller and also
into our manager classes.
OK.
So we have this here.
Here's where the get friendly functionality starts so let's do this.
Copy it from here.
OK so here we are testing if bookmark is easy kid friendly eligible.
And if the status is the status equals unknown for the kid friendly status then we are getting the kid
friendly status information.
So which means we are using randomisation but you can think that the user is actually giving giving
his decision his or her decision.
Now let's move this particular fart's functionality here.
It's a very simple statement but let's do this and controller actually in manager.
OK.
So we are doing it in the view which is not right.
So to do it the right way needs to be done in the back and not in the front.
So let's So that's the reason why I want to refactor this.
So let's just do that.
Let's call them a second term illustrators let's use the same name
and let's pass it friendly status
as well as the bookmark.
Now that's added automatically.
So create matter.
No let's just simply relayed this in to our manager because we shouldn't have too much of business logic
.
In fact we shouldn't have any business like logic here.
So let's say
.
So in this year.
And let's ontogeny that template.
Now let's go back and go.
View-Master let's just copy this whole thing.
And that's just simply more work.
So that said.
So we are good with this.
Me Yes we are good with this.
And just you're on this
seems fine.
Now let's just do one more tang.
So let's also do some bookkeeping.
So here there is this user who is marking your desk friendly.
Let's also save this information.
Typically when you are implementing any software or any web application you would this kind of an application
.
You would also save who the user is who who though who is the user that has performed this action.
So in this case there is a certain editor or a chief editor who is marking this particular item as kid
friendly and it would be nice to him to also save that information who that particular users who's doing
the marking action.
So let's just go into the bookmark class here.
So do a control shift our bookmark.
So let's just either a new free or irate user let's call it does get friendly mocked by.
So this will have a red card of the user who has performed this particular action.
And that's also create get in and sergers
reduce.
So we are good with that.
And so now from the weblink in the view class let's pass this information to the controller.
So let's just see user.
So let's pass this information user.
But knowing how to accomplish compulsion Urso that this set change the let's pick this option set kid
friendly status and parameter user.
So eclipse is going to do the job for us.
So let's also do the same for this with a manager class.
And once again we will to the same option.
So eclipse then automatically update the matter signature here.
Now let's say Mark Dodds said he currently MMOG by it's supposed to be user here that's it.
Now let's bring this information it into status here let's call it does mark by.
Let's bring the user's e-mail.
And let's also print just the book mark information and also do a control shift.
So that's it.
Now let's just go ahead and run this short of you though here.
So the 30 was at first and second users are not staff members.
The third is a staff member here and here it is.
So this is rejected.
This particular item is rejected and it is marked by this user user too.
And this is of eyeblink information.
Now there is a new item that's bookmarked and that item is approved as kid friendly and it was marked
by once again the same user.
So that's bookmarking and that's bookkeeping information.
So now here in the bookmark manager we are simply we are not invoking that Dolliver are typically people
invoke the dollar on past this bookmark and then store that information in the database.
But in this case let's it's fine because bookmark is an object reference.
So the value whatever value is set is is reflected.
So just assume that it's also reflected in the database because this and to did it presents arrowing
the database just think that it is also.
So there is a reference to that particular object in the database anyway so it's not required.
That really required that we save it.
But you know we can in reality we would actually save it.
But for now it is definitely fine.
So that's about it.
So let's just go ahead and continue our implementation of the shared functionality and let's complete
data.
So let's go back into our real class.
OK so that's marking us get friendly now Ed..
One of the staff members have has to do the sharing operation also so the staff member gets to bookmark
.
I'm also Marcus kid friendly and not share any bookmarks.
So here lots.
Since the condition is already here that if the user is an editor or the chief editor or need then the
user will be able to market get friendly.
Only then the user will be able to perform the shading operation.
So let's have the sharing functionality here.
And we know that there are some constraints for sharing.
And one of them is that the get friendly status has to be approved.
So if it is a bookmark that is approved only then we will be able to share it it needs to be a good
friendly bookmark.
So for that.
So we already have this bookmark.
Copy this on your differences died instead of unknown.
It's supposed to be she approved.
OK.
So instead of on and on.
This is this has to be a pro.
No it means that it's a good friendly bookmark.
OK.
So now the second condition so this is only one of the conditions that it needs to be a good friendly
bookmark.
But the second constraint is that it needs to be either a book or eyeblink only then it can be shared
which means that they are implementing those two kinds of items are implementing shareable.
OK.
So and this gives the bookmark.
So here is a bookmark it needs to be an instance of Shater right.
Because both book and weblink are implement being shareable.
So.
So the way we can ensure that is by using an instance of operator.
So now we know that the bookmark is an instance of shareable and only then we will do the shading.
So if the bookmarked on site will be movie then we won't do an end run into this if block.
Import important.
So even after it can be shared it may be that the editor the staff member does not want to share it
so it's up to it's up to the staff member whether he or she wants to share it or not.
So once again to use randomisation for that and it's good that it's hard to generate this
that to use just a simple The same one here this is hybridize Boullion.
So not to assign this
to a variable called E share not the best name here but I guess it's OK.
Now let's see if we share only then we would share it with the third party site.
OK.
So let's introduce a new method.
So let's just assume that a user wants to share this idea he has clicked on the link shared with good
snips and then a control will be sent back to the controller so that the necessary actions will be taken
in the Bakken.
So let's say Get instance and that's created a share here
and we would also be doing some bookoo bookkeeping just like the way we have done for kid friendly status
.
So we want to know which user is sharing the item.
OK so we're going to do that.
So let's also pass that and let's pass the bookmark.
OK.
So we are sharing this you this user is sharing this bookmark.
So it is.
And as always this one simply release to the bookmark manager
and let's all go create this method.
OK.
So let's go back into this bookmark class and for bookkeeping Let's introduce a new variable which is
of type user and let's say shared by.
So it's very similar to good for me my bye.
And let's also generally the getters and setters.
OK there you go.
Save it.
Go back to manicure.
Let's just say.
So that's the user's information that's who's sharing.
And let's put a system not a out statement here
.
So here is a bookmark but we don't know whether it is an instance of book of eyeblink.
Right.
We need to get the data that we need to invoke to get some data so far that we need to do or don't cast
cast here.
So because we need to share that we need to get that data and then we need to share it with the third
party website.
So let's just do this first let's check whether it is an instance of book or whether it's an instance
of eyeblink sofort is an instance of book.
You know we can pass the we can get item didn't diameter we can do this we can see a book bookmark so
we can type.
And then we can invoke the get item radiometer
here and into this.
So in this sense we there is not a real third party website it's just a fictitious website but we don't
have it.
So we are all we can do is let's just print it here probably in future we can just write it into a file
so that some other you know some kind of a job of some kind of a scope will actually send that information
to the third party website.
Sometimes it's done that way or sometimes you may.
The third party website might have a web service and we may pass this information directly programmatically
using that web service soby but pass this information to that Web site was in a program category.
Now let's also do as of just copy this here let's copy the whole thing in sternal instead instance of
weblink.
And here also eyeblink get our number.
So we're invoking the get item radiometer.
So that's right here.
And it's just time to run this.
It's just go ahead and run the launch.
Let's just look at the 30 user here to get friendly straight as is proved.
But maybe that the data will be shared.
The randomisation function maybe or did not or did not it done True which means that they should not
be share on Hensick was not shared.
So in this case it was movie.
It was rejected movie approved but movie is something that we should not be shared.
So we don't have that now.
Here you can see that this is a book and it is approved and that is here is the day that is to be shared
.
So this is the XM string which God created and that thing that we are passing this information to our
partnerships right now here is the term user.
Same thing your good friend Mr. does is approved.
And it is have a blank.
And I share so only book and book and ramblings can be shared.
OK now
so in future we are going to extend this right now the decisions are made by RR and a musician but in
future we will get that we take the input.
These methods will take input from the user itself and we will do it after completing the Iowa chapter
so we can write it to here.
Which means that we will be doing that in future.
So I will say below methods thats
simulate user and book score.
I also read the book.
Wow.
Answer.
OK.
So thats a good Dudack.
But the nice thing about this is this Dagget itself as something that Eclipse keeps track of.
So if you want to see what all you do ask you how are unique gurus going to Windows show you and set
tasks and he added this is here this is the one which we just brought.
So that way you can easily find all the clues that you how it will show all the clues here.
And that way you can go back and look at what youre interested in and then now.
So if you think you're ready you can just go ahead and fill in the new implementation.
Okay so that's a nice thing about to do and you may note is that we did not implement DDT for the last
two features at least for this feature.
We have done it for IIS good friendly eligible.
That's because the logic is too simple here.
For example in this case we are just taking an input from the user order.
Here we are using randomisation.
And it's just too simple process.
In fact it doesn't even fit well for TDD.
So we that's why we did not have DDD and the rest of the logic also and bookmark manager are very very
it's very simple logic.
So since it is so simple we did not use TDD approach.
So we were used to really only if it is really required because if you think if we think that it's going
to be you know the logic might break it has a possibility to break on lead then we would use DDT.
But if it is very simple simple setting and you know using a set or Gurjars then we don't have to use
DDT.
OK so that's about it.
And that's the final feature which we have implemented.
And please go ahead and implement whatever we have implemented in this lesson.
OK.
Happy coding.
Thank you.